=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Pod::Weaver::Plugin::Encoding - (DEPRECATED) Add an encoding command to your POD

=head1 VERSION

version 0.03

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your weaver.ini:

  [-Encoding]

or

  [-Encoding]
  encoding = koi8-r

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This section will add an C<=encoding> command like

  =encoding UTF-8

to your POD.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 encoding

The encoding to declare in the C<=encoding> command. Defaults to
C<UTF-8>.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 finalize_document

This method prepends an C<=encoding> command with the content of the
C<encoding> attribute's value to the document's children.

Does nothing if the document already has an C<=encoding> command.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Pod::Weaver::Section::Encoding> is very similar to this module, but
expects the encoding to be specified in a special comment within the
document that's being woven.

L<Pod::Weaver::Plugin::SingleEncoding> can be considered the successor to this
module, and is a core part of L<Pod::Weaver> version 4. It is contained within
L<[@Default]|Pod::Weaver::PluginBundle::Default>, and you should be using
that plugin rather than this one.

=head1 AUTHOR

Florian Ragwitz <rafl@debian.org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=for stopwords Karen Etheridge Сергей Романов Graham Knop

=over 4

=item *

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=item *

Сергей Романов <complefor@rambler.ru>

=item *

Graham Knop <haarg@haarg.org>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2010 by Florian Ragwitz.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
